[Autogenerated] Hi, everyone.
My name is yes, very young and welcome to my course spring integration,
monitoring, system management and debugging.
I'm an independent software developer with a lot of experience
designing and building software with the spring framework.
When you want to create software that's ready for
mission critical operation in production,
then it's very important that you design and build it
with monitoring and management in mind.
This will help you greatly to quickly and effectively deal with
disturbances once your application is out there.
In this course,
we're going to explore the features that spring integration
provides to you as a developer for building software that can
be effectively managed in production.
Some off the major topics that will cover include managing
your application with spring Bootstrap curator using micro
meter to record application metrics,
managing and controlling your spring integration application via J M X and
using spring integration features for analyzying and debugging.
By the end of this course,
you will have the skills and knowledge offspring integrations,
monitoring management and debugging features needed to develop a
robust production radish spring integration solution.
Before beginning the course,
you should be familiar with the core spring framework and the basics.
Offspring integration.
From here,
you should feel comfortable diving to more advanced spring
framework and spring integration subjects.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn more about spring
integration with the spring integration Monitoring System management and debugging course at Pluralsight.